hey guys so this is my first video um I
wasn't really gonna do videos about
these things but let's talk to the Lord
a lot and since I've been saved by the
Holy Spirit and blessed by the Holy
Spirit and had this split Holy Spirit
upon me blessed two months I was
baptized in it I'm not sure what day was
but I knew when I added it was there and
when you start praying for things in the
spirit the Lord the Lord answered Sara
he's a revealing God he doesn't want to
hold back anything it's just his time is
his time he has a perfect timing
just cuz I didn't work on our time his
time is perfect
so we got a lot of him and have faith
and be patient that's a point of
patience anyways since then has only
been two months as I've been that
doesn't only spirit I've been having
dreams like out to crave like whoa these
set of dreams of but to explain happened
to three of them these happen on July
4th of this July 4 2013 and before
started the first one
many people are skeptics many people
don't know many people say he's not but
Obama is the Antichrist I was gonna say
it
you can looking into it I thought myself
I was like he's not he's just another
president yeah just dump things yeah
it's this yeah is that but he's not that
that was like okay let me look it to
myself I call my own conclusions not be
a mouthpiece from another newsletter
channel 14 or or CNN let me look at two
myself
and lo and behold I'm convinced I'm
convinced that he is and another way the
Lord showed me this was in the Bible the
Antichrist to be revealed to the world
he has to receive a deadly head wound on
this daily head wound has to be has to
happen for him to be ushered in for him
to come into his fullness his spiritual
revival he gets here the head will come
two three days later just like just
like that real Christ did the Satan
Satan means a mimicker accuser he can
accuse a mimic what God does so if you
go remember what God does
he's like a mimic what happens in real
life so he's mimicking him
Suzanne get hit with the deadly dip with
it he's gonna get hit with something
maybe shot or hit in the face or
something that's gonna knock him out or
kill him for three days and he's gonna
rise back and that's really like oh I'm
the Christ by going to all these things
or what it or what not and so this first
dream it was on July 4th that night on
Independence Day and I wasn't you
celebrate July 4th one thing I went to
was a bar I win had a couple beers with
a friend of mine cause he wanted me to
go I wasn't meat trying to go out to
anything I didn't do me netten shoot
fireworks I wasn't I'm not that
patriotic guys I'm not I'm sorry get mad
and what I'm just not there's a lot
about this world it's too much evil
anyways this dream I was at this almost
like warehouse this warehouse was huge
and you know how the movies and action
movies before everybody goes to or the
rebels go and fight they have like this
huge gun rack and they say oh well we've
got all these guns and weapons and stuff
on the racks on the walls and they kind
of picked their gun like a lot of months
machine gun I want this this and this
well it was just like that and but there
was knives and there was a weapons and
all these other things and there was
only me and another guy this other guy
was white not even I can race in same
thing but he was a white guy he was
brought in as 30s or 40s like 40s and
the first thing he got his car and we're
outside of his warehouse and it's like
it's like glass so you can see through
it and see the weapon rack already
waiting there and the first thing you
said was I was like what are we doing
here he was
we're gonna would kill Obama I was like
okay and I'm not a killer
before England goes crazy insist always
gonna kill some button no I'm not
this is a dream okay I'm not gonna don't
I'm not
anyways once he said that there's
something in my spirit I was just like I
didn't resist I was just like all right
yeah so go to the work go inside the
warehouse and we I go over to the left
part of the weapon rack and goes to the
right I can't see what he's getting I
don't know what he got but I know he
went to grab something I was biting
knives and I went to reach up for the
ninth but I didn't grab for it I didn't
I didn't grab it and I left it there
she got whatever he got I don't know
what it was I was too busy looking at
what I was getting but the spirit I
guess just put my hand back was like no
I don't need one and and so he got
whatever he got we got in his car and he
was driving I was just a passenger seat
in this dream I played I was just in for
the ride I wasn't doing anything I
wasn't meant to do anything I would sit
for the ride for it
and uh I was in the passenger seat he
was in the driver's seat we got in the
car and drove off to go kill Obama and I
woke up I saw I was like Laurel what
does this mean I don't I'm not gonna
kill anyone I don't hurt anyone I'm
never gonna fight before I've never done
anything harmful to anybody I've done
Taekwondo for 13 years but that's that's
different I structured as it was this me
and he was like I don't think I could
think of one thing the Spirit was trying
to tell me is this is just I was just
being shown the plot it's like you know
I've seen a movie and only seen the plot
work out you never see the whole movie
yeah I just saw it so pretty much I was
just in the beginning of this plot in
the movie
and that was my dream um that's all I
gotta say I felt the whole time I felt
in peace I wasn't really scared to go
kill this guy because I didn't have a
weapon I didn't know what I was doing in
the first place I don't have a weapon
but I'll have new watches in for the
ride for it and that was it you drove
into the night and I was into that dream